# Yokohama Recommendations

Yokohama is one of the biggest port cities in Japan and is actually part of the greater Tokyo Metropolitan Area, together forming the biggest agglomeration in the world with almost 37 million people living here. Although never tell a local from Yokohama that it is part of Tokyo unless your ready for a major lesson. Yokohama was the first port opened up to foreign trade after the opening of Japan in 1854. At the forefront of the Meiji restoration, the first train line in Japan connected Tokyo and Yokohama. However, Yokohama was devastated by the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923 and again by the firebombings of World War II, and never really regained its prominence. It remains a maritime city to this day and retains an international flavor.

## Sights and Activities
- Chinatown (中華街 Chūkagai), MM21 Motomachi-Chukagai Station, Kannai Station or Ishikawacho Station on JR Keihin-tohoku line. Yokohama's Chinatown is the largest in Japan and dates back to the Opening of Japan in 1859. These days it's unabashedly touristy, but there are plenty of Chinese grocery stores and places to buy a cheap cheongsam dress or jade knick-knacks.
- Yokohama Stadium - Located in Naka ward. A short walk from Chinatown or Kannai station, this is probably one of the most fun places to watch a baseball game in Japan. Known as the BayStars Stadium, the Yokohama Baseball Team of the Central League, the Stadium itself was built on the remains of the Cricket Ballpark of the last century for the British delegation. The BayStars Stadium is an open roof stadium with natural grass, very rare in Japan, which prefers to man-made grass to save on costs, and the entertainment boasted throughout the games is trying hard, and doing a good job, by Japanese terms, in trying to have each game hosted at the "home ground" to be as American as possible.
- Nissan Stadium (Located in Shin-Yokohama) - This is one of the biggest soccer stadiums in Japan. The final match of the 2002 FIFA WORLD CUP was held here. This is a home ground of a J league soccer team, Yokohama F. Marinos. ( Yokohama FC's home ground is Mitsuzawa Stadium.) There are also facilities such as soccer fields, skateboard parks and basketball courts are available for free to the public.
- Marine Tower - Had been the tallest onland lighthouse in the world. (It lost the function as a lighthouse when it was renovated in 2008 due to lack of necessity.) It is in Naka ward. In clear conditions, visitors can see Mount Fuji from the 100-metre high observation deck.
- Hikawa Maru (氷川丸) - This passenger liner made 238 voyages across the Pacific to Seattle and Vancouver between 1930 and 1960, and served as a hospital ship during World War II. Now, we can enter and go around. It opens at 10:00am and closes at 5:00pm. It’s closed on Mondays. An admission fee is different depending on ages. 300 yen is general fee. Over 65-year-old people’s is 200 yen. And elementary schoolchildren’s, junior high school students’ and high school students’ are 100 yen. Moreover, this place is also used for location, for example, movie “Moonlight Serenade” which is filmed in 1997 or NHK drama “Haru e Natsu” in 2005.
- Sky Walk - An observation platform attached to the Bay Bridge. It had been closed since 2010 but recently partly opened for a limited days. The opening day is shown on the official website of Yokohama city Port bureau. To get there, take a bus #109 from East Exit bus terminal of Yokohama station or #17 bus from Tsurumi station (only on weekdays and Saturdays). You will see the view of Minato Mirai from afar and cruise ships docking at Daikoku Pier or Osanbashi Pier.
- Landmark Tower, MM21 Minato Mirai Station (Minato Mirai 21 district). Was the tallest building in Japan until the construction of the Tokyo Sky Tree. The observation platform on the top 69F provides good views (admission ¥1,000). The elevators are said to be the fastest in Japan. For a classier experience, try the cocktail lounge on the 70F (drinks ¥1,000+ each) or eat dinner on the 68th (see below).
- Sankei-en Park_ (三渓園). 35 minutes by bus from Yokohama Stn. SE of Naka Ward, this is a traditional style of park and known as Teien (lit. "set park"). Opened in 1906, this large park (17,5000 ft²) has many Japanese traditional buildings, 13 of which have been designated as national heritages.
- Yamate (山手) - This is the neighbourhood where foreigners settled and still settle. You can make a pleasant walk from the Italian garden near Ishikawa-cho station to the French park near Motomachi Chukagai station. The walk will take you along some nice houses that were previously owned by rich foreigners. Nowadays, these houses can be visited freely. A nice cake shop can be found here as well. The foreigner cemetery is also along this route and houses a small museum with some pictures of the Motomachi shopping street in the old days and some more cartoons showing how the Japanese saw foreigners.
- Yamashita Park (山下公園). You can see the whole port of Yokohama and there's a lot of greenery. A short walk from Motomachi-Chinatown Stn (元町・中華街駅), JR Ishikawa-cho station (JR石川駅), JR Kannnai station (JR関内駅).
- Street Performance. There are many street performers, especially in Yamashita Park and Granmall Park (middle of Landmark Tower and Tokyu Square (Former Queen's Square) in Sakuragicho) every weekend. Above all, fire performance is so dynamic.
- Ōsanbashi Pier (大さん橋). It is the main international pier at the Port of Yokohama, Naka Ward. The rooftop garden is open to public and is very beautiful, especially during sunset.
- Kishine Park (岸根公園) (Metro Kishine Koen Stn). A large park 9 minutes away from Yokohama Stn by Yokohama Municipal Subway Line (Blue-line), this is strictly for the locals most of the year, but very popular during cherry blossom season.
- Kanagawa Budokan (神奈川県立武道館) (near Kishine Park). Kendo (Japanese fencing), judo and archery tournaments.
- Kamoike Park (鴨池公園) (Tsuzuki). True to the name, "Duck Lake Park" has a large lake, with ducks during the day and fireflies often visible at night in the rainy season.
- Yokohama Arena (横浜アリーナ) (Shin-Yokohama. 5 minutes walk from Shin-Yokohama Stn). This is the biggest arena in Japan. Many famous musicians have concerts there. If you want to go to those concerts, you need to buy the tickets in advance. There are also flea markets here sometimes. In this case, you don't need any tickets or admission.
- River Karasuyama (烏山川) (in Shin-yokohama. 10 minutes walk from Shin-Yokohama station). This is a narrow river, but cherry trees are along both side of the river. In spring, the cherry trees are in full bloom and very beautiful. Also, there are lawn and benches here, so you can relax on the benches in a good weather.
- Hideyo Noguchi Memorial Park (野口記念公園), Nagahama 114-4 (15 minutes from Nokendai Stn). 9:00am-5:00pm daily. The laboratory of bacteriologist Hideyo Noguchi, who discovered the bacteria that causes syphilis and worked on yellow fever vaccines, and whose face adorns the ¥1,000 note. The original building was destroyed in the Great Kanto Earthquake, and the present structure dates from 1997.
- Moroka Kumano Shrine (師岡熊野神社), ☎ +81 45-531-0150. Okurayama area. Take Tokyu-Toyoko Line from Yokohama Stn, about 10 min. Then, 7 minutes walk from Okurayama Stn. This is a famous shrine in Yokohama. Its god is a bird which has three legs. This bird seems like the symbol of the soccer teams of Japan. Therefore, as well as many soccer fans, even Japanese soccer players visit here and pray for the victory of their team. Of course, many other people pay the first visit of the year every year.
- Shōmyō Temple (称名寺) (Take the 13 Yokohama Keikyu bus from Kanazawa-bunko Stn (Keihin Kyukou Main Line) get off at Shomyo-ji Temple bus stop). It is a temple built by Hojo Sanetoki in 1258. It has developed into Kamakura Period. It is specified for the historic site in Japan. There is a beautiful garden. A lot of cherry blossoms bloom in spring. Moreover, precincts are illuminated at fireworks of summer and the New Year and it is very beautiful.
- Yokohama History Museum (横浜市歴史博物館), Kanagawa-ken, Yokohama-shi, Tuzuki-ku, Nakagawachuou 1-18-1, ☎ +81 45-912-7777. 9:00am-5:00pm. This museum introduces Yokohama's history from Primary period to Modern period. Next to the museum, there are excavations of Yayoi period.
Yokohama Zoo "Zoorasia" (よこはま動物園ズーラシア)
Nissan Headquarter Building

## Events and Festivals
### Traditional Festivals
- Japanese New Year (January 1) - the most important holiday in Japan. Although there are lots of customs and traditions most of them are done in the private. This is mainly a family holiday and Japan can feel very empty as almost everyone goes home. Travelling in Japan in during this time is difficult because everything is shut down.
- Seijin No Hi (2nd Monday of January) - the coming of age holiday for Japanese people who turned/will turn 20 for this academic year. Traditionally families will buy any young woman who turned 20 in the last year a long sleeved kimono called "furisode", which is traditional formal costume for unmarried young women. (but recent years, many families rent their daughters kimono). On this day most Japanese women who attends the ceremony will wear a kimono.
- Hina Festival (March 3) - Also known as doll festival the Hina Matsuri festival is meant for young women. In early February families with daughters put dolls in order to make the women happy and healthy later in life. On Girls Day, on March 3, the dolls are put away until next year.
Shichi Go San Festival (Novermber 15 in the old lunar calendar) - Boys who are 3 and 5, and girls 3 and 7 are taken to a shinto shrine in traditional Japanese dress. The children are brought there to pray for good luck, good health and wealth.

### National Holidays
- Golden Week - Is quite often referred to as the "Japanese Spring Break." It is a combination of many state holidays, including Showa Day, Greenery Day, Children's Day, and Constitution Memorial Day in order to give a full week off. It takes place during the first full week of May. Everyone gets this week off in Japan so it is very bad time to travel because everything is crowded, expensive and most hotels will be full. There is also a major festival in the southern city of Fukuoka this week, it is called Hakata Dontaku.

### Local Events and Festivals
- Noge Daidogei (野毛大道芸) is a popular annual event where juggling performers get together at Noge area, which is a famous bar area and people enjoy drinks/foods from stalls whilst enjoying the showcases performed by such performers on the street. This event is held in the 3rd weekend in April.
- Japan Brewers Cup（ジャパンブルワーズカップ）
- Yokohama Flülings Fest (横浜フリューリングスフェスト）
- Garden Necklace Yokohama（横浜ガーデンネックレス）
- Yoshida Machijuu Beer Garden (吉田まちじゅうビアガーデン）
- Green Room Festival
- Kaikosai（横浜開港祭：Memorial Day of Opening Port)
- Yokohama Sparkling Twilight（横浜スパークリングトワイライト）
- Osan-no-miya Hie-Jinja Reitaisai Festival (お三の宮日枝神社 例大祭）- One of the biggest traditional festivals in Yokohama. It's held annually in the third weekend of September at Osan-no-miya Hie jinja shrine to pray for peace and prosperity of the country. The big mikoshi parade will be held in odd years (once in two years) and about 40 mikoshis will join the parade. The mikoshi parade starts from Hie-jinja shrine and goes through Isezaki mall near Kannai station.
- Noge Jazz-de Bon Odori (野毛ジャズde盆踊り）
- Yokohama Jazz Promenade (横浜ジャズプロムナード)
- Tori no Ichi (Rooster market) (酉の市）
- Yokohama Triennale （横浜トリエンナーレ）

## Weather
Yokohama features a temperate zone with four seasons, warm spring and autumn, hot and humid summers and chilly winters. Weatherwise, Yokohama has a mixed bag of rain, clouds and sun, although in Winter, it is surprisingly sunny, more so than Southern Spain. Winter temperatures rarely drop below freezing, while summer can get quite warm due to the effects of humidity. The coldest temperature was on 24 January 1927 when −8.2 ° was reached, whilst the hottest day was 11 August 2013 at 37.4 °C. The highest monthly rainfall has been in October 2004 with 761.5 millimetres, closely followed by July 1941 with 753.4 millimetres, whilst December and January have recorded no measurable precipitation three times each.

## Getting Here
### By Plane
Yokohama does not have its own airport. You can reach Yokohama from Tokyo's two main airports.

Some Narita Express trains from Narita Airport go through to Yokohama (1½ hours, ¥4,290). Limousine Buses run frequently from Narita to the Yokohama City Air Terminal (YCAT) in 2 hours (¥3,600). The cheapest access from Narita Airport involves a Keisei train. The Keisei Main Line train, with one across-the-platform transfer at Aoto, will cost ¥1,500 to Yokohama. The Sky Access line train will cost ¥1,690. Most Sky Access trains run to Keisei Ueno, but there are a handful each day which run through to Yokohama (and beyond; generally to Kanazawa-Bunko) on the Keikyu Main Line.

From Haneda Airport, take the Keikyu Line's Airport Express (エアポート急行) to Yokohama station in 30-35 minutes for ¥480. Note that the Airport Express has several variants: If the train's destination is Shin-Zushi (新逗子) or Kanazawa-Bunko (金沢文庫), then you can stay on the train for the entire trip. If the train goes to another destination, it's likely to continue on into Tokyo so you will need to change at Keikyu-Kamata station to the next main line limited express train going in the other direction. Limousine bus to YCAT is also an option. Cost is 580 yen and duration is about 30 minutes.

### By Train
The overwhelming majority of visitors to Yokohama arrive from Tokyo by train. A multitude of train lines connect the two cities at roughly equal prices, but some of the more convenient options are:

- Tokyu Toyoko Line (東急東横線) from Shibuya to Yokohama Station. A trip from Shibuya to Yokohama takes as little as 26 minutes on the fastest service; at a cost of ¥270 this is the cheapest trip from metro Tokyo. Chinatown, the terminus of the MM21 line, is another 10 minutes away (Motomachi-Chukagai, ¥480). Up to eight kyūkō (急行) and tokkyū (特急) trains per hour.
- JR Ueno-Tokyo Line (上野東京ライン) and Tokaido Main Line (東海道線) from Ueno, Tokyo and Shinagawa stations (all on the Yamanote Line). Departs every 10 minutes; more trains during rush hour. About 25 minutes from Tokyo to Yokohama, ¥470. Note that Commuter Rapid Service (通勤快速) and Shonan Liner (湘南ライナー) trains do not stop at Yokohama Station.
- JR Shonan Shinjuku Line (湘南新宿ライン) from Ikebukuro, Shinjuku, Shibuya, Ebisu and Ōsaki. This was the first line that connected the western part of the Tokyo metropolis to Yokohama; it competes with the Fukutoshin and Toyoko lines. Roughly four trains per hour, reaching Yokohama from Shinjuku in as little as 30 minutes at a cost of ¥550.
- JR Yokosuka Line (横須賀線): A less-convenient alternative from Tokyo Station and Shinagawa. However, it is the route of choice if coming from stations east of Tokyo on the Sobu Rapid line, such as Tsudanuma and Chiba, as most of these trains continue onto the Yokosuka line. About 30 minutes from Tokyo to Yokohama; about 75 minutes from Chiba (¥1,080). Departs every 15 minutes or so from Tokyo; more trains during rush hour.
- JR Keihin Tohoku Line (京浜東北線) from Nippori, Ueno, Akihabara, Tokyo, and Shinagawa Stations. This train stops at more stations in Yokohama than the Yokosuka Line, including Sakuragicho (桜木町), which is within walking distance of Chinatown. It is also a convenient route from stations north of Tokyo in Saitama prefecture. About 35 minutes from Tokyo Station to Yokohama Station. Departs every 5 minutes from Tokyo; more trains during rush hour.
- Keihin Kyuko Main Line (京急本線), or Keikyu for short, from Shinagawa and Haneda Airport. Most trains from the Toei Asakusa subway line continue onto the Keikyu line. Departs every 10 minutes from Shinagawa at a cost of ¥300 (more trains during rush hour), with the fastest train reaching Yokohama in only 18 minutes. Note that Keikyu WING (京急ウィング) trains do not stop at Yokohama.
- Sotetsu Line (相鉄線） from Ebina to Yokohama (25 minutes by limited express, ¥310) and from Shonan-dai to Yokohama (30 minutes by express, ¥350). A useful connection from the western Tokyo suburbs on the Odakyu Line. This train will go direct to Shibuya in 2019.
- Tokaido Shinkansen (Nozomi/Hikari/Kodama) trains go to Shin-Yokohama station instead, a few stations away from the main Yokohama station. The two stations are connected via the JR Yokohama line (10-15mins, ¥170. A few direct trains from Yokohama per hour otherwise take Keihin-Tohoku line to Higashi Kanagawa station and transfer there) and the Yokohama Subway Blue Line (10 minutes, ¥240, direct). Alternatively, take the Shinkansen to Shinagawa and change to the Tokaido, Yokosuka or Keihin Tohoku lines. If you take other Shinkansen lines (Tohoku/Hokuriku/Nagano), transfer at Tokyo station to Tokaido or Keihin Tohoku. If your final destination is Chinatown or the harbor area, transfer at Shin-Yokohama to either Blue line or Yokohama line mentioned above.
- The Minato Mirai Line (みなとみらい線), opened in 2004, is a direct extension of the Tokyu Toyoko Line. Connection with the lines is at Yokohama Station, and the line itself has five stations: Shin-Takashimacho (新高島町), Minatomirai (みなとみらい), Bashamichi (馬車道), Nihon Ōdori (日本大通り), and Motomachi-Chūkagai (元町・中華街), terminating at the posh Motomachi shopping street and the second largest Chinatown in the world. The line’s stations itself are worth seeing, especially Minato-Mirai Station itself, where you are able to see straight up to the very spacious entrance hall (7 floors in all) of the Yokohama Landmark Tower, the second tallest building in Japan. (The tallest is Abeno Harukas in Osaka.)
- Bashamichi Station is built with artifact bricks and hosts the remains of the first western style bank of Yokohama. Note also that Bashamichi (literal translation: horse carriage street) was the first street in Japan to have gas fired street lighting, which were re-installed lately. Bashamichi Station is surrounded by historical buildings, built only a century ago, but for Japanese standards are a true catapulting into westernization. Thus all buildings remaining (partially rebuilt after the heavy bombings of WWII) are protected as “historical – cultural national treasure.”
- Nihon-Ōdori Station is similar to Bashamichi Station. Nihon-Ōdori (meaning Japan Avenue) is a two lane-two way avenue, which back then separated the living quarters of the foreign delegation and Japanese.
- The line runs parallel to the Keihin-Tohoku Line. Due to the massive expense of maintaining the designer-class stations, the fares are rather pricey, but definitely worthwhile. The line runs through the very historical parts of Yokohama, when Japan opened up to the Western civilization. Many history-related museums of Yokohama are dotted along the line, and to attract further tourists, the line offers a one-day unlimited ride ticket (¥460 for adults, 1/2 price for children).

### By Car
It's not recommended to use your (rental) car to drive into Yokohama. Otherwise, park it as quickly as possible in an underground parking and start using public transport, taxis or walk.

### By Bus
Buses connect Yokohama with other cities and surrounding areas in Japan.

### By Boat
FESCO used to run a service from Vostochny Port/Nakhodka in Far Eastern Russia to Yokohama but expired in 1991. Now it's reported that Russia and Japan started a discussion to start this route but there seems to be some obstacles such as political relationships with neighboring countries.

### By Car
Taxis are very easy to hitch anywhere in the city center. There are several companies such as JUN or ASKA that cater van taxies for big groups. There are some companies that has UD (Universal Design) taxi which you can take when you're on wheelchair. The cost for such cars is similar to the ordinary taxis (go by meters and starts from 730 yen. You will need an additional 300 yen to arrange a pickup).

Velo taxis are widely available within the harbor area, while rickshaws make their rounds within Chinatown.

### By Public Transport
The Minato Mirai 21 subway line from Yokohama station down the harborfront to Chinatown is the best method of accessing the main tourist haunts. The main subway line is useful primarily for transfers between central Yokohama and the Shinkansen station. JR Negishi Line (根岸線) is also available for Chinatown and Minato Mirai Area. All Negishi Line Trains with the blue line are direct service via the Keihin-Tohoku Line. For suburban areas, Yokohama has a subway and extensive commuter rail lines that crisscross the city from every direction and to all neighboring cities.

Yokohama Subway (横浜市営地下鉄) This train has two types: the "blue line" and the "green line". The former is from Azamino to Shonandai. The latter is from Hiyoshi to Nakayama. Using this train, you can get around Yokohama easily.

Akai Kutsu Bus is a sight seeing bus around Minatomirai, Chinatown and Motomachi. It runs every 20-30 minutes and looks like an old red bus. A ticket costs ¥220. Fare is covered by 1day pass of Yokohama Municipal Bus service which costs 600yen.

The "Sea Bass" boat operates between JR Yokohama station (east exit), Minato Mirai and Yamashita Park, and is one of the nicest ways to get around on a sunny day. The fare is ¥350-700 depending on the distance.

### By Foot
Central Yokohama is comparatively compact and the Chinatown/Yamashita Park area is best explored on foot.

### By Bike
There's a shared bicycles called Baybike. You need to create an account before you rent.

## Eat
- Chinatown - For Chinese food, head to Chinatown (中華街 Chūkagai), which has over 200 Chinese restaurants. Snacks are sold on the streets, but most restaurants in the area are quite expensive (expect to pay ¥1,500 for a decent lunch) and the food has been toned down to suit the Japanese palate. One of the most popular foods in Chinatown is Nikuman (肉まん nikuman), or bread filled with pork and vegetables, which are sold by dozens of stores and vendors. Chinatown is the terminus of the Minato Mirai 21 line.
- Shumai, a.k.a "Shiumai" (シウマイ), which is a kind of Chinese dumplig is definitely a soul food for Yokohama locals. Kiyoken,the best-known shiumai shop/restaurants has branches at most train stations in central Yokohama area. Their "Shiumai Bento" (シウマイ弁当) is one of the most popular Ekiben in Japan. It consists of Shiumai, stewed bamboo shoot, tamagoyaki (Japanese omelet), grilled tuna, kara-age(fried chicken), rice and dried apricot. There's an argument among locals about orders to eat this bento box. And Kiyoken's "Shiumai Curry" is sold at some of their flagship stores including Yokohama Stadium and getting popular among baseball fans.
- San-Maa Men (サンマー麵）
- Gyu-Nabe - After Yokohma Port is opened in 19th Century, lots of foreigners start to reside in Yokohama and local people in Yokohama started to follow their lifestyle. Meat eating diet is one of the foreign lifestyle that Japanese started to follow in this time. Gyu-nabe got popular during that time. They grill meat with iron pan and put stewed with miso and it got so popular. Ota Nawanoren is the oldest Gyunabe restaurant which is still popular among Yokohama locals. Araiya and Janomeya are also the famous restaurants for this cuisine.
- Shitateya (仕立屋) (1 min from Futamatagawa Stn). Tiny local seafood eatery. Try the deep-fried oysters (kaki furai).
- Le Sucre (ル・シュクル), Nokendai 1-9 (8 min from Nokendai Stn). Pseudo-French bakery well known for its cheesecakes.
- Azteca (アステカ) (next to Nokendai Stn). 10AM-10PM. Curry, coffee and cakes. Live music on Saturday nights.
- Italian Bar BASIL (バジル), Castle Sakuragi 1F, Noge-cho 2-81, Naka-ku (5 min walk from Sakuragicho Stn Noge exit; across from the Cheruru Shopping Center). Though a stand-bar by nature, a great place to take in a nicely paced meal if you can get a seat! Lots of choices at reasonable prices (izakaya-style portions) but focuses on a few ingredients, making for a refreshing take on the all-too-common Italian fare in Japan. Recommendations: any antipasto and risotto, complemented with sangria or wine of the day. Basil group has several branches in Noge area and Bashamichi from casual standing bar that serves Italian chiquetti and wine to Italian restaurant that focuses on food more than other branches (Trattoria Basil). You can choose depending on your needs.
- Kua'Aina (2 locations: 4F Bay Quarter Shopping Center (Yokohama Stn E Exit) and Akarenga Shopping Center (5 min walk from Bashamichi Stn)). Hawaiian-style burgers! If you're craving something a step above McDonald's or Wendy's, this is the place. Big menu with both standard and gourmet burgers, as well as some American-style sandwiches. Set menus ¥980 and up.
- Tori Dori (鳥どり), Kanzaki Building 1F, Noge-cho 2-59, Naka-ku (Down the street from the Cheruru Shopping Center). Cheap and good yakitori and other izakaya fare, as well as reasonably priced drink specials on weeknights (around ¥200) and all-you-can-drink (¥600) available for 4 or more people (a rarity for yakitori restaurants). No English menu, however knowledge of yakitori lingo should suffice.
- Shabu-Shabu Buffet Syabu-Yo (しゃぶしゃぶブッフェ しゃぶ葉). 1F World Porters Shopping Center (Minato Mirai area) While most all-you-can-eat shabu-shabu restaurants will typically serve pork, this one serves pork and beef for ¥2079. Vegetables, desserts, and a full range of drinks are set out buffet-style while staff keeps the meat coming. Has a very Japanese atmosphere (music, decor) without being over-the-top, perfect for value-seeking tourists!
- Edaminami Parisienne, Edaminami 5-7-3, Tsuzuki-ku, ☎ +81 45-941-7106. Bakery shop famous for its curry doughnuts. 9AM-7PM daily. edit
- Yokohama Kurikoan (横浜くりこ庵), 神奈川県横浜市西区南幸1-11-1 (Yokohama station West exit 5). 10:00-21:30. Famous for their version of taiyaki, a fish-shaped Japanese pastry with fillings. Most common fillings are usually red bean paste, but here they have chestnut blended with red bean paste (kuriko-an) as their flagship flavor as well as common red bean paste. They also have seasonal fillings such as lemon cream, green soya paste etc.
- Bunnosuke Chaya. (文の助茶屋), Cubic Plaza Shinyokohama 10F, located beside Shinyokohama Stn. The main shop is located in Kyoto. This is the only shop in Kanto area. You can enjoy the Kyoto sweets even in Yokohama! There are many kinds of Kyoto sweets menu (about ¥400-1,000). Also, there are some light meals like soba(most are around ¥1000). Especially, its warabi-mochi (わらび餅) (bracken-starch dumpling) is wonderful. As putting it in your mouth, it melts away with rich flavor of soybean flour. It has a moderate sweet taste, so everyone regardless of age or sex can enjoy it. 11:00am-8:00pm.
- Konaraku (こな楽), 4-7 Omaru, Tsuduki-ku, ☎ +81 45-942-2626. It is about 10 min from Center-Minami Stn. You can eat special Japanese pancake, okonomiyaki. You can eat unique food, like monjayaki.
- Rasuta (らすた), Kouhoku-ku, Hiyoshihon-cho 1-5-41 (3 min from Hiyoshi Stn), ☎ +81 45-565-1608. 11:30AM-1:30AM. Chinese noodle (ra-men ラーメン) restaurant. Thick noodle and delicious tonkotsu (とんこつ) soup. ¥800.
- Linden Baum (リンデンバウム), Kouhoku-ku, Shimoda-cho 4-7-5 (15 min from Hiyoshi Stn by bus), ☎ +81 45-562-3928. 9:30AM-8PM. It is famous for sweet baumkuchens, cakes, and especially roll cakes.
- Maruya (マルヤ), Kokuhoku-ku, Hiyoshihon-cho 1-19-2 (1 minute from Hiyoshi Stn), ☎ +81 45-563-8108. 7:30AM-6PM, closed M. Foods: Futomaki(太巻 450yen), it is a thick sushi roll with eggs, cucumber, kanpyo (かんぴょう dried gourd shavings), and so on. Inari-zushi (いなり寿司 ¥60), it is a kind of sushi wrapping with abura-age (油揚げ　deep-fried bean curd). sweets: Dango (だんご　¥60), these are dumplings with bean paste, kinako (soybean flour), and so on. Strawberry daifuku (イチゴ大福 ¥150), it is a soft rice cake stuffed with been jam and a strawberry. Some worker buy the food for their lunch or breakfast before go to their office. If you pass the front of Maruya early morning, you can feel nice smell of cooking rice.
- Shin-Sekai, Kohoku ward, Kikuna 6-1-8, ☎ +81 45-433-6626. It is a stall. It is near Kikuna station. They sells Taiyaki. Taiyaki is confectionery. Put bean paste into dough like pancakes. Bean paste called "Anko" in Japanese. Taiyaki's shape is a bream. It tastes sweet. 130~170 yen.
- Yokohama Daihanten (横浜大飯店), 154 Yamashitachou Naka-ku, 6 minutes from Ishikawachou Stn and 10 min from Motomachi Cyukagai Stn, +81 45-641-0001, 11AM-9:30PM (until 8:10PM/last order 8:50PM), stand 10AM-9:30PM. It is all you can eat style Chinese food spot with no time limit. You can eat food after your orders so you can eat freshly cooked food. It has 4 floors, B1 to 3F. ¥2480, 9-12 years ¥1480, 4-8 years ¥1,029.
- Shinyokohama Ramen Museum (新横浜ラーメン博物館 Shin-Yokohama rāmen hakubutsukan). Shin-Yokohama 2-14-21. Paradise for noodle lovers, but not just because of the (Japanese-only) exhibits of the history of instant ramen noodles: the centerpiece here is the basement, which contains a recreation of 1950s-era Tokyo done in incredible detail, complete with operating branches of 10 famous ramen joints. Expect to queue and pay at least ¥1000 for a bowl, but if you really love your noodles, it's worth it. 5 min walk from Shin-Yokohama Stn (on the #1 subway line). 11:00am-11:00pm daily, ¥300.
- Chano-ma. A branch of the very popular cafe in Nakameguro. This branch is located in Aka-renga park in Minato-Mirai. There is a large floor about 60 cm up where you can lie down with blankets and some pillows like a living room.
- Tachibana. Located near Higashihakuraku station in Kanagawa ward in Yokohama city. Wanko-soba restaurant, which is Japanese noodles served in small bowls to have eating competition at restaurant.
- Manchin-Ro. Located near Yoshimoto Baby Aquarium. It is best to take the Keihin Tohoku Line and get off at the Ishikawa Stn, 5 min walk. It not only supplies delicious food, but is also really very cheap. You only need ¥1500 for you to get full. During lunch time it is run as a kind of self-service restaurant, but you do not need to get food by yourself. You can just order the food you want from the menu, and they will serve you the finished product.
- Daidai-ya, ☎ +81 45-228-5035. Su-Th 11AM-13PM, 5PM-11PM, F Sa 5PM-11PM. (橙家) Minatomirai Tokyu Square (former Queen's Square 'at!'2nd) 4F-5F, 1 min from Minato-Mirai Stn. This restaurant serves creative dishes, mixing Japanese and Western foods. In addition to the tasty dishes and drinks, the view is very beautiful at night. You can see the illumination of Cosmo World. Especially, Cosmo Clock(a Ferris wheel) is wonderful. By the window, there are some seats for couples. So, this place is good for dates! Reservations are recommended for these seats. Lunch ¥1000, dinner ¥4,000.
- Sun road, Kohoku ward, Kikuna 6-1-11, ☎ +81 45-431-2576. W-M: 11:30AM~3PM, 5PM~9:30PM. It is a small Western-style restaurant. It is very near to Kikuna Station. It is a not famous restaurant, but the food is very delicious. Syogayaki - ginger-flavored slices of grilled pork - is especially recommended. And the owner who is also a cook is very frank. You can eat delicious food and spend happy time.The restaurant is closed on Tuesday. about 1,000~3,000yen.
- Nagomi, Kohoku ward, Kikuna 6-21-10, ☎ +81 45-431-7539. 11:30AM~2PM, 5PM~8PM. It is a very small restaurant. They serve delicious tempura. Tempura is deep-fried seafood or vegetables. They cook seasonal seafood and vegetables. They fry tempura in front of us. It is so delicious. If you go to there, you should eat "Ten-Don". "Ten" means tempura. "Don" means "Donburi", it is the kinds of food. Put something on the rice in the bowl, this is "Donburi". So, put tempura and salty-sweet sauce on the rice. This is a Ten-Don. It tastes so good. This restaurant is closed on Sunday, holidays, and 4th Monday. Lunch.about 600yen~1,400yen Dinner.about 1,000yen~3,000yen.
- Tonkatsu Sakurai. The name is a fried pork but there are some more dished. Open every day at 11AM to 9:30PM It has Japanese style food and some mixed Japanese and Weston dishes. No English is spoken. The prices is about 1500yen～. You can eat as much salad and bowl of rice as you want.
Landmark Tower. Has Japanese, Chinese and French restaurants on the 68th floor, where you can enjoy excellent food and unparalleled views of Yokohama and Tokyo. But the luxury doesn't come cheap: dinner at any of these restaurants is around ¥10,000. You can find affordable eateries at ground floor of Landmark Tower. And there are several Izakaya style inexpensive restaurants at Dockyard Garden.
Seryna. (瀬里奈) Between Kannai and Bashamichi Stations, in front of Golds Gym Steaks served Japanese teppanyaki-style, but set inside of a turn-of-the-century Western atmosphere. Sweeping views of Bashamichi's historic buildings and MM21. Lunch starting at ¥2000 with dinner jumping to around ¥12,000. 35th Anniversary coupons available on website.

## Drink
- Bar Streets in Noge Area
- "Craftbeer Town" There are 3 microbreweries, 1 importer of American craft beer, about 15 craft beer pubs within this 1k square meters near Sakuragicho/Kannai area. Bar owners in this area tag along together to promote Yokohama as a "craft beer town" and issue a bar crawling map every year. You can get such a map at any craft beer bar in this area.
- All 500yen bar GIMME!GIMME!GIMME!, 1-45 Noge-cho, Naka-ku,231-0064. Even around Sakuragi-cho, one of Japan’s most expensive areas, a “Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!” has appeared with a low-priced “all 500 yen” menu. Each bar has its own character in Yokohama, especially in the downtown area in Sakuragi-cho that is called “Noge”. But, without a doubt, the best part of “Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!” is its affordable price.
- Summer brings the beer gardens : everywhere in the city. Every department store such as Luminè, Sogo, Takashimaya, More's, Joinus (near Yokohama Stn) and the Star Hotel sport the rooftop variety, or there's a real garden next to Yamate Jubankan.
- Benny's Place, Ishikawacho 1-25 Mitsubo Bldg 2F (just off the big intersection in Motomachi), ☎ +81 45-671-0818. American-style sports bar complete with baseball memorabilia, cable TV, darts, and a friendly owner who'll gladly tell you about his days in the U.S. Navy at "Yah-kohska". And the biggest hamburgers served this side of the Pacific.
- Downbeat, Miyamoto Bldg 2F 1-43 Hanabusacho, Naka-ku 231-0052 Sakuragicho. Another jazz bar, but this one features an extensive record collection, a "record menu" and a foreigner friendly staff. Request a song out of the menu and the owner will put it in the queue.
- HOGS HEAD, Naka-ku Tokiwa-cho 6-77, No 2 Hiyoshi Bldg 1F (中区常盤町6-77第2日吉ビル１F), ☎ +81 45 641-4746. If you like the Windjammer, you will like this Irsh/American-themed bar too. Very Japanese, they tried it to perfection. The pub is trying hard to look as Irish/American as can be and is doing a very good job. The bartenders know over 200 cocktails and the “financial damage” per drink hovers around ¥1,000. Basic food, pasta, pizza and snacks are also available. Unique about the bar is its size, which can be classed as rather large in the area of Bashamichi, Kannai, where small, tiny sized bars are common. There is no live band, but the music jamming out of the speaker systems throughout the bar is Jazz and the bar itself is very quiet and emphasis is placed on enjoying your drink. Reservations for large groups. 
- Oriental Café, 2-16-4 Minamisaiwai, Nishi-ku, ☎ +81 45 311-4640. A small sized diner which plays continuously house music and the interior décor is in line with the music it plays. For an easy night out and on budget, rather attractive with its unique décor, its simple menu and plain but basic selection of beers, cocktails and wines. Access, Yokohama Stn, 10-15 min walk along the Shintama River, diagonally across the “Hamabowl” Bowling hall.
- Business Closed * Palm Bar And Cafe (Digital Bar) (Hodogaya Eki East Gate, 4 min from Yokohama Stn on the Yokosuka Line), ☎ +81 45-712-0227. M-Sa 7:00pm-2:00am. A small trendy bar with a full array of top shelf liquors and daily drink specials from ¥420 makes it an inexpensive watering hole. English music selections with a large screen TV plus free internet makes it a great place to relax after work. ¥500 beer, ¥900 pasta.
- The Tavern, 2-14 Minami Saiwai cho, Nishi Ku (From Yokohama Stn, head left until you come to Daiei supermarket/Tokyu Hands department store - it's under McDonald's), ☎ +81 45 322-9727. This, the first British pub/restaurant in Yokohama, has been open over 20 years and is the regular watering-hole for expats and foreign business travelers who come back to Yokohama regularly. About 70% of the clientele is Japanese, and is single-lady friendly! When you enter, it's like walking into a pub in England, and the large selection of food and imported draught beers help keep the one of the busiest night-spots in central Yokohama. Fish & chips is highly recommended.
- Windjammer, Toraku Bldg 1F, Yamashita-cho, Naka-ku, ☎ +81 45-662 3966. Su-Th 5:30PM-1AM, F Sa 6PM-2AM. A classy jazz bar on the edges of Chinatown run by an American expat who loves to put on a show for his customers. Bands play downstairs most nights and there's a large screen for those on the second floor showing the action below. The decor is decadent and there's a chocolate fountain with fruit for dipping. Music cover ¥500, drinks from ¥800.

## Accomodations
- Yokohama Hostel Village, SanWa Bldg 1F, 3-11-2 Matsukage-cho, Naka-ku (5 minutes walk from Ishikawa-cho JR Stn), ☎ +81 45-663-3696. nexpensive accommodations. Single ¥3,000. Recently added small LB apartments ¥4,300, no deposit is needed and you get your own kitchen and bathroom.
- Guest House Kanalian, 16-5 Daimachi, Kanagawa-ku, ☎ +81 45-313-6442. 7 minutes walk from Yokohama Station West Exit. Beautiful handmade wooden house, really impressive and the host Lee is extremely hospital. Expect to chat over some beers with him. Dormitory Rooms 1 night // 2,000yen per person 1 Week // 13,000yen per person.
- Hotel Associa Shin-yokohama, 2-100-45 Shin-yokohama, Kohoku-ku, Shin-Yokohama Stn, ☎ +81 45-475-0011. This is on the upper floors of Cubic Plaza Shin-yokohama. This hotel is connected to Shin-yokohama Stn, so there are some rooms which you can see the Shinkansen coming and going all the time. Also, the furnishings of those rooms are associated with Shinkansen. The moderate twins are from ¥18,000.
- Hotel Monterey Yokohama. Is in Yamashita Park and it has view of Minatomirai and Bay Bridge. 6-1 Yamashita-cho, Naka-ku. 3 min from Motomachi-Cyukagai Stn. 3 min walk to Chinatown and doll house (Ningyou-no-ie). Standard doubles from ¥5,300.
- Shin-Yokohama Prince Hotel, 3-4 Shin Yokohama, Kohoko-ku, ☎ +81 45-471-1111. .In the cylindrical skyscraper right outside Shin-Yokohama Stn, where the Shinkansen (新幹線) calls). A rather quiet corner of Yokohama, it is well connected by the Yokohama Line (横浜線), or the municipal subway (市営地下鉄) and various municipal city buses (市営バス). 10 min away it is an ideal place to stay with mediocre quality whilst saving money. The Prince Hotel is one of the largest chains of hotels in Japan, run by the behemoth company Seibu. Foreigners registering as Prince Club members on the hotel website enjoy additional reductions, but only if you register and apply prior to arriving in the country. ¥11,000-¥19,000, depending on room class and number of people.
- Toyoko Inn Yokohama Sakuragi-cho, Honcho 6-55, Naka-ku, ☎ +81 45-671-1045. 5 min walk from Sakuragicho Stn) Their slogan is "Offering peace of mind at a reasonable price" which is more often than not true. Perhaps a slightly less fancy Japanese version of Holiday Inn. Numerous locations throughout Yokohama aside from this one. Singles ¥6,800, doubles/twins from ¥8800 (max 2 guests).
Yokohama Isezakichō Washington Hotel, 5-33 Choja-machi, Naka-ku (Close to Isezaki-chōjamachi JR station and easy walking distance to Chinatown.), ☎ +81 45-243-7111. A serviceable but quite pricey middle of the road hotel with air conditioning and high speed internet in every room. Single ¥9200, double ¥16,300.
- Yokohama Isezaki cho Washington YGH (横浜伊勢佐木町ワシントンホテルユースゲストハウス). single: ¥4,500 for HI members, ¥5,100 for others.
- Yokohama International Seamen's Hall, 8-4 Yamashita-cho, Naka-ku, ☎ +81 45-681-2141. Nautical theme that caters to men in the merchant marines. The rooms are very large, clean, and comfortable. 1 block away from the Motomachi-Chinatown Stn and 2 blocks away from the gates of Chinatown. Internet free (20mbps down, 1.5mbps up). Singles ¥7455.
- SOTETSU FRESA INN Yokohama-Totsuka, 16-8 Totsuka-cho, Totsuka-ku, ☎ +81 45-860-2031. A 2-minute walk from Totsuka JR and Yokohama Municipal Subway Station. Single room ¥7400,Internet Reservation ¥5500.
- InterContinental Grand Yokohama. One of the most recognizable features in the Yokohama skyline – it's the sail-shaped building near the Landmark Tower. Singles for ¥35,000, doubles for ¥43,000.
- Yokohama Bay Hotel Tokyu. In Minato Mirai, known as former Pan Pacific Hotel operated by Tokyu Hotels. Singles/Twin from 22,000 yen. Book online for good deals.
- Yokohama Royal Park Hotel (http://www.yrph.com/en/). Takes up the mid-section of the Landmark Tower. Singles for ¥31,500, doubles for ¥36,750. Good Early Booking deals available on Japanese website.
- Yokohama Bay Sheraton Hotel & Towers, ☎ +81 45-411-1111, fax: +81 45-411-1343. 1 min walk from Yokohama Station.Sheraton in Yokohama beautiful bay. Singles for ¥26,000, doubles for ¥36,000.
- Hotel Edit Yokohama Located close to Bashamichi area. It's an affordable accommodation but designed very practically and beautiful. It has casual bar restaurant at the ground floor which serves affordable lunch sets. Sometimes hold interesting social events at the restaurants such as coffee brewing lessons or cooking classes.
- Tiny's Hostel Close to Hinodecho station and very accessible to Sakuragicho area. It's a unique hostel and rooms for the guests are custom-made tiny houses on wheels. It has cozy cafe at the terrace and locals get together for lunches and drinks. Serves locally brewed craft beer (Yokohama Bay Brewing) at the cafe. The vicinity has event spaces and ateliers for the young artists and there will be some interesting events occasionally in the area, such as bread and coffee market, book market etc.
